docs: rename managed to cloud (#6689)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/guides/understand-your-setup-size.md

aliases:
- /guides/understand-your-setup-size.html
---

> The docs provide a simple and high-level overview of Ingestion Rate, Active Time Series, and Query per Second. These terms are a part of capacity planning ([Single-Node](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/single-server-victoriametrics/#capacity-planning), [Cluster](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/cluster-victoriametrics/#capacity-planning)) and [VictoriaMetrics Cloud](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics-cloud/) pricing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The docs provide a simple and high-level overview of Ingestion Rate, Active Time Series, and Query per Second. These terms are a part of capacity planning ([Single-Node](../Single-server-VictoriaMetrics.md#capacity-planning), [Cluster](../Cluster-VictoriaMetrics.md#capacity-planning)) and [VictoriaMetrics Cloud](../victoriametrics-cloud/README.md) pricing.
```

Author: done

VictoriaMetrics requires additional disk space for the index. The lower Churn Rate means lower disk space usage for the index because of better compression.
Usually, the index takes about 20% of the disk space for storing data. High cardinality setups may use >50% of datapoints storage size for index.

> You can significantly reduce the amount of disk usage by specifying [Downsampling](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#downsampling) and [Retention Filters](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#retention-filters) that are lower than the Retention Period. Both two settings are available in VictoriaMetrics Cloud and Enterprise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can significantly reduce the amount of disk usage by specifying [Downsampling](../#downsampling) and [Retention Filters](../#retention-filters) that are lower than the Retention Period. Both two settings are available in VictoriaMetrics Cloud and Enterprise.
```

Author: done
